Notice
The solution provided for this assignment is randomic: our tests proved that subsequent executions are very similar, though not exactly the same.
The output of your test may be different than the current /output/summary.csv. Please note that this is normal.

How-to
1) Place input instances in /input
2) Run /bat/compile.bat
3) Run /bat/solveAll.bat (or one of the .bat available, see BAT section)

Brief explanation of the content of this folder
1) BAT
A group of executable files to perform different actions.
- compile: compiles the source code. It is important to execute it before testing the program to avoid leftovers
- solveAll: executes the program on all instances and prints a summary of the result in /output/summary.csv, according to the predefined format (instance;cost;time_in_seconds;type1;type2;type3, the same format adopted in main.cpp of material_assignment_v3.zip). Before each execution of this script, the content of /output/summary.csv is erased, so make sure to save the current version if needed
- printAll: executes the program on all instances and prints the complete solution for each instance in a file in the /solutions folder as well as the summary file (as in solveAll, previous content of summary.csv is erased)
- checkAll: executes the program on all instances and prints on screen the optimality gap for each instance. No file is generated (unless redirection is used)
- testAll: executes the program on all instances and ONLY prints information about the feasibility of the solution. No file is generated (unless redirection is used)
It is possible to create custom bat files to execute multiple operations at a time by properly using the command line parameters (see Main.java for more detail).

2) BIN
The /bin folder contains the compiled java program. The folder structure follows the package organization of the program. DO NOT DELETE THIS FOLDER.

3) INPUT
All the input instances must be in /input for the program and the bat files to work properly. Of course it is possible to edit the bat files, but carefully.

4) MATERIAL
This folder contains additional material for the program. Right now it only contains the optimal solutions file.

5) OUTPUT
This folder will contain the summary file generated by solveAll.bat and printAll.bat.

6) SOLUTIONS
This folder will contain the complete solutions files generated by printAll.bat.

7) SRC
This folder contains the source code of the program, organized according to the package structure. DO NOT DELETE THIS FOLDER.